About us
Available places Party Place in Ilioupoli Party Place in Voula Party Place in Voula Garden in Voula Party Time Disco in Peiraias
Party Place in Ilioupoli Party Place in Voula Party Place in Voula Garden in Voula Party Time Disco in Peiraias
Party Place in Ilioupoli
Party Place in Voula
Party Place in Voula
Garden in Voula
Party Time Disco in Peiraias
SERVICES Childrens party 3-7 years old Childrens party 8-11 years old Teen Party for 12 & 13 year olds Farewell Party Catering & Birthday Cakes Extra Services
Childrens party 3-7 years old Childrens party 8-11 years old Teen Party for 12 & 13 year olds Farewell Party Catering & Birthday Cakes Extra Services
Childrens party 3-7 years old
Childrens party 8-11 years old
Teen Party for 12 & 13 year olds
Farewell Party
Catering & Birthday Cakes
Extra Services
GALLERY
ON SALE!
News / FAQs
Contact Us
Welcome to children's DISCO "Party Place"!
Welcome to Party Place...
You enter Party Place... You instantly find yourself time traveling through the best party music era, the classical 80's, with the checkered light dance floors, prestigious DJs, videoclips projected on the back wall, the sweet sense of daydreaming into musical journeys! This is the kind of atmosphere today's children are looking for, with their own music they relate to, their friends for life from the unforgettable school years, and the need for creativity through dancing, singing, and playing, while celebrating their birthday in the best possible way!
It's a children's disco - it's a private party venue - IT IS PARTY PLACE!
Each child deserves to have at least one party at this unique place to remember from his childhood, at Party Place, in the southern suburbs of Athens, in Ilioupoli and Voula.
Available places
Our party venues are:
1. Party Place in ilioupolis, Athens 100 guests
2. Party Place in Voula, Athens 120 guests
3. Garden in Party Place in Voula 60 guests
4. Party Time Disco in Piraeus, Keratsini 60 guests
Light dance floor, videowall, karaoke, DJs for each program, entertainers, specialized staff, food, beverages and birthday cakes.
Also: Dancers, breakdance, zumba, hip hop, popping Mascots, theme parties, comic walkabouts Technology and photography Glow facepainting and giveaways
Party Place in Ilioupoli
Party Place in Voula
Party Place in Voula
Garden in Voula
Party Time Disco in Peiraias
This why people choose us
Choose Party Place for the best parties in town! Our venue has a pleasant cheerful decor, using the newest technology equipment, with our wonderful staff that are more than happy to serve you. Each party is unique and flexible to meet your desires and choices from a vast variety of programs.
Plan your child's party at any price range you like.
There are different programs and activities for each age group. You may have your own requests on the music playlist, as well as choose your entertainment, the menus, the birthday cake and any special event from our list.
After 20 years of experience, continuous creativity, the lowest prices than ever before, and great respect to all our guests, we promise you to deliver the best party ever. All your friends will probably be thanking you for offering their children such great experience. By coming here you will relax and trust us to take care of everything and exceed your expectations!
You choose Party Place to have a private venue for you and yout guests and have no strangers around you. That way you feel safe and free to express yourself any way you want while you ask for your special requests.
Our venue's equipment is top notch allowing you to get the best experience at your parties. The sound is clear, the frequencies well balanced, with volume control on each speaker separately. The lights and light effects are multi controlable giving a potential of hundrends of scenes, even though there's no need for exaggeration. Ventilation, air conditioning and temperature are controlled by the best equipment. Finally, hygiene and cleanliness are in our top priorities, and in the air you will always notice a fresh pleasant smell.
Some 20 years of experience in event planning, party organizing, and children's entertainment in all sorts of venues around Athens and the rest of Greece, establish us as one of the leading companies in these fields, with 100% success guarantee. We set high standards, we promise you unique experiences for you and your children and we aim to exceed you expectations.
Testimonials
You have grasped exactly what parents would like for their children. But as parents, we ourselves had great fun too! Thank you!
People told us it would be great. We just didn't expect it to be THAT great! We all had such fun, both children and parents!
I had no doubt it would be a success because I knew you were good. But now I was proven right! We shall definitely return next year!
I'm going to recommend you everywhere! You made my children happy and that's enough for me. You are exceptionally professional!
Cant find a date for your party at our place?
Let us organize your party at home or at any other venue of your choice!
210 9602 697 - www.trikifun.gr
Party venue
ILIOUPOLI:El. Venizelou 160
+302109959160
send us an email
VOULA:Kalimnou 53
+302108995508
send us an email
KERATSINI:49 Salaminos Ave.
+302111833877
send us an email
Follow us
TERMS OF USE
COOKIES POLICY
NEWSLETTER
We respect your personal information. With your subscription to our newsletter, you agree to communicate with you and update you about our company’s news.
COOKIES POLICY
This site uses cookies and other tracking technologies to assist with navigation and your ability to provide feedback, analyse your use of our products and services, assist with our promotional and marketing efforts, and provide content from third parties. Click settings to choose the Cookies you want to enable.MORE